[@azure/monitor-query] Provide sovereign cloud support for monitor SDKs (#29871)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/monitor/monitor-ingestion/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 1.1.0 (2024-06-11)

### Features Added

> - Added `audience` support for the ingestion client  to specify the audience for the authentication token. This is useful when working  in sovereign clouds. Refer [#27280](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/issues/27280) for further details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `audience` support for the logs ingestion client to specify the audience for the authentication token. This feature is necessary to use a sovereign cloud. Refer to [#27280](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/issues/27280) for further details.
```
